DOCSP-29577 Link to C++ Filter Page from RQL Page (#2771)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/sdk/cpp/crud/filter-data.txt

.. literalinclude:: /examples/generated/cpp/filter-data.snippet.set-up-filter-data-tests.cpp
   :language: cpp

.. note:: Sort Functionality for the C++ SDK

>   The C++ SDK has not yet implemented sort functionality. Instead, use the 

Reviewer: I don't think we want to _recommend_ using `std::sort` necessarily. I think we just want to state that if a developer uses this to sort results, it pulls the results into memory. This is worth calling out here because it's not what they might expect when Realm implements `sort` in C++, and it negates the lazy loading stuff that Realm does. Some developers use C++ _because_ the environment is resource-constrained or performance-constrained, so they'll need to know that using `std::sort` in lieu of Realm implementing sort functionality negates some of the memory benefits of using Realm.

>   The C++ SDK has not yet implemented sort functionality. Use
>   `std::sort <https://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/algorithm/sort>`__ with
>   caution, as the function pulls results into memory. If the data 
>   set is large, ``std::sort`` might not work in a resource-constrained or 
>   performance-constrained environment.

Reviewer: I think the updated version of this note is better, but now we're getting into nitpick territory. I don't think we should start the sentence with "Use `std::sort`" even if we follow that with "with caution", because it sounds like we're advising people to use std::sort and we probably wouldn't recommend that. What about something like:
```suggestion
  The C++ SDK has not yet implemented sort functionality. If you use
  `std::sort <https://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/algorithm/sort>`__ , 
  this pulls the entire results set into memory. If your data set is 
  large, this could cause problems in a resource-constrained or 
  performance-constrained environment.
```
